[docs] v1.13.0 changelog (#6063)
DevExpress/testcafe: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.13.0 (2021-03-22)

This release adds support for custom paths to the configuration file, support for Microsoft Edge on Linux systems, and multiple bugfixes.

### Enhancements

#### :gear: Specify Custom Path to the TestCafe Configuration File ([PR #6035](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/pull/6035) by [@Chris-Greaves](https://github.com/Chris-Greaves))

> TestCafe now enables you to specify a custom path to the [configuration file](../documentation/reference/configuration-file.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TestCafe now allows you to specify a custom path to the [configuration file](../documentation/reference/configuration-file.md).
```

To set the path, use one of the following options:

* the [--config-file CLI option](../documentation/reference/command-line-interface.md#--config-file-path)
* the [configFile option of the createTestCafe function](../documentation/reference/testcafe-api/global/createtestcafe.md#options)

#### Add Support for Microsoft Edge on Linux ([PR testcafe-browser-tools/#210](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-browser-tools/pull/210) by [@dcsaszar](https://github.com/dcsaszar))

If you follow the [Microsoft Edge Insider Channels for Linux](https://www.microsoftedgeinsider.com/en-us/download?platform=linux-deb) and have Microsoft Edge installed on your Linux machine, you can now launch TestCafe tests in this browser.

```sh
testcafe edge tests/test.js
```

#### :gear: Deprecated the `t.setPageLoadTimeout` method ([PR #5979](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/pull/5979))

> Starting v1.13.0, the [t.setPageLoadTimeout](../documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/setpageloadtimeout.md) method is deprecated. To set the page load timeout, use the new [test.timeouts](../documentation/reference/test-api/test/timeouts.md) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.13.0, the [t.setPageLoadTimeout](../documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/setpageloadtimeout.md) method is deprecated. To set the page load timeout, use the new [test.timeouts](../documentation/reference/test-api/test/timeouts.md) method.
```

```js
fixture`Setting Timeouts`
    .page`http://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/example`;

test
    .timeouts({
        pageLoadTimeout: 2000
    })
    ('My test', async t => {
        //test actions
    })
```

> You can use `test.timeouts` to set the [pageRequestTimeout](../documentation/reference/configuration-file.md#pagerequesttimeout) and [ajaxRequestTimeout](../documentation/reference/configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `test.timeouts` to set the [pageRequestTimeout](../documentation/reference/configuration-file.md#pagerequesttimeout) and [ajaxRequestTimeout](../documentation/reference/configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).
```
